#зависимость_без_ИИ 
# ❗❗❗ must tasks
# ❗❗ should tasks
- [ ] have more knowlege about elastic search. look [[22.09#день без ИИ]]
- [ ] if you can(im thinking you won't have free time for this) make [[22.09#день без ИИ|other tasks,nets with skibidi toilets]]
- [ ] make thing,how include the template functions into RenderHEaderPage. it is must if i want impelement markdown into a comments
# ❗ unshould tasks
- [ ] 
# ✔️ completed tasks
- [x] redefine template for every day on the english(it simplest,what i can do now)
- [x] read the black friday docs,and understanding how Run function works fnd where moment using it
- [x] read the docs,and understanding how configure Run function to render commont lists(for the lists used the - symbol)
- [x] find the core issue because markdown render is incorrect
- [x] add md render to comment url point in the ruslandev. look [[22.09#день без ИИ]]
- [x] make ending of a work day in   20:50
# ✏️ text for the day



# day without an ai
- the morning without an ai? yes(in the morning,i've been in the school)
-  the day without an ai? yes/no
-  what i've done on the day?:
1. find the [[23.09#core issue in the incorrect markdown parsing|core issue of incorrect behaivor rendering]]
2. get more knowlege about black friday libary
3. walk step one to C1 english understanding
- what i'm can make better on the tommorow?:
- do [[23.09#❗❗ should tasks|should for yesterday tasks]]
# core issue in the incorrect markdown parsing

i'm find the core issue. he's describe is:
**the MarkdownRender function work incorret,because work with comments is core wrong. after the markdown text,have coma symbol, and look it,render function thinks the text is common paragraph and put <p> tag. tommorow, i'll must thinking solution of the issue