---
date: "20.02"
creation time: 12:01
---



# ❗❗❗ must tasks

# ❗❗ should tasks
- [x] do [[19.02#❗❗ should tasks]] nets with new Emitter function and its test
- [ ] do [[19.02#❗❗ should tasks]] nets with helper and instructions testing 
# ❗ unshould tasks
- [ ] 
# ✔️ completed tasks
- [x] do [[19.02#❗❗ should tasks]] task about think way to make buffer executable 
- [x] write changeMemoryRights wrapper that hides mprotect if Linux or MacOS,VirtualProtect if Windows
- [x] repopulate some words i'm go to use often in [[0_INBOX]]
- [x] make ending of a work day in   20:00 

# ✏️ text for the day



# day without an ai

(no gives 0 points,yes gives 1 points,yes/no 0.5 points)
(if you got >= 1 points your day without an ai)

- the morning without an ai? no
-  the day without an ai? no
-  what i've done on the day?:
1. start use vocalibury system i'm farly thought
2. firstly repopulated words from [[0_INBOX]] to 1_ACTIVE folder
3. in that system add new words origin: books
4. [[20.02#steps make the emitter buffer's code|think how to execute the buffer's code]] 
5. understand WinAPI is ugly and at the future need to make array that maps Linux's PROT_* flag(s) to the correspond(s) flag(s) in the windows 
6. when listent V8's trash talk about Orinoco GC,I heard they're use 512 KB as a JIT-page unit. It needed because 512 KB  go in to the L2 cache making code execution much faster. Why they're not allocating the L1 size? Because L2 is pure  balance beetween execution speed and count of allocations. How u know,at the current moment you plan to set  as the JIT-page unit as 1KB,you need to mind about and change memory unit if needed 
- what i'm can make better on the tommorow?:
- do [[20.02#❗❗ should tasks]]
- planning the file parsing system
- start to planning of how to embed reloc info to emitter's buffer
# schedule of the day
# prepare(xx )
suggested actions:
- 
# worm up(xx )
suggested actions:
- 

# deep learn(xx )
suggested actions:
- 

# steps make the emitter buffer's code

This plan is cheatsheet of how to execute machine code storages at the buffer:

- initialize the new Emitter object, by using GPA as allocator
- write the correcpond code to buffer
- cast buffer pointer to function by @as(*const fn() u64,@prtCast(emitter.buffer.ptr))
- get function pointer
- change the pointer rights by my universal syscall wrapper changeMemoryRights
- execute function
- get result
- compare you expected and what you got

# some error occured during testing subImm

i'm assume it appears because free function does freeing only of common data-block. In the same time,i've changed rights of page it adds some new metadata free can't process. Solution of this would be use mmap instead of common alloc. See that  suggest and use it. An important detail is pure logic is correct because when i'm removes deinit() it passes but also throwing the error.