
# ❗❗❗ must tasks

# ❗❗ should tasks
- [ ] do [[3.10#❗❗ should tasks]]
# ❗ unshould tasks
- [ ] 
# ✔️ completed tasks
- [x] redefine envivorment on the obsidian from russian to the english.
- [x] redefine in the template of a day senteces where speaking: 20:50,redefine to 20:00
- [x] answering the question: how gcc compiler casts char to int? in cast processing the first  and last bit group will move to greater or lesser bytes? or the core issue located in something else place...
- [x] remove unuseful printf, add eror handling,and recheck how work encoding algorithm, in the mind  recheck how you understanding algorithm,and if all i was  request is done,then prepare UTF parser to the github
- [x] redefine all -1 and -2 digits to UNCORRECT_SYMBOL and UNKNOWN_THING macroses
- [x] add to decode function  in all cases, * out pointer filling
- [x] add to encode  function  in all cases, * out pointer filling
- [x] understand why utf-8 encoder len returns -1 or how  the issue is start?!?!?!?
- [x] make ending of a work day in   20:00
# ✏️ text for the day



# day without an ai
- the morning without an ai? yes
-  the day without an ai? yes
-  what i've done on the day?:
1. if summary all what i've done, i've written the parser
- what i'm can make better on the tommorow?:
- write README for the parser
- write unit tests for utf8 decoder, utf8 encoder and test  together encoder and decoder. minimal cases for a test: 2.
- put the parser on the github
- do [[4.10#❗❗ should tasks]]

# why encode len work incorrect

because terminal automiaclly encoding the raw byte stram to UTF-8 form. in fisrt bit value is one, the computer understanding is digit with negative, and using math rules we can speak, any negative number lesser than any non negative number.  is 0x7F negative no? is  0xF0908D85 negative? yes becuse first bit is 1. for test, decode symbol with utf8_decode function, and then i thinking all will be work on 100% correctly  