---
date: "19.01"
creation time: 18:38
---



# ❗❗❗ must tasks
- [ ] find a meetup about Turbofan work. And it should describe deeply
- [ ] start using of my new english vocalibury system
- [ ] write in copybook gifted by Vera aleksandorvna,describing for new system of english words learning
- [ ] write in copybook gifted by Vera aleksandorvna, importantnce of this day for AftonJIT. It important because I'm relaxing for a one day. Since i'm relaxing,i'm recovering. Since i'm recovering,I'm get a  power for AftonJIT. If i'm get power,i'm writing new code,then i nearlier to my O-1  target
- [ ] set up an alarm clock in Samsung to 21:00 and 22:00. When 21:00 went it means digital phase of day is ended,go to analog entertaiment. When 22:00 went it means analog time is ended,now go to wear aerplugs and sleep
- [ ] make ending of a work day in   20:00
# ❗❗ should tasks
- [ ] 
# ❗ unshould tasks
- [ ] 
# ✔️ completed tasks
- [ ] 

# ✏️ text for the day



# day without an ai
(no gives 0 points,yes gives 1 points,yes/no 0.5 points)
(if you got >= 1 points your day without an ai)
- the morning without an ai?
-  the day without an ai?
-  what i've done on the day?:
1.
- what i'm can make better on the tommorow?:

# schedule of the day
# prepare(xx )
suggested actions:
- 
# worm up(xx )
suggested actions:
- 

# deep learn(xx )
suggested actions:
- 

# words i've learnt in this note

The next words you need to write in INBOX:
- importance - важность
- earplugs - беруши

you need to see semantic value of these words and when you to do that,write to inbox